How dare you defy your leader, but your honor as a lonely she-wolf to have me as your first.
Such an ungrateful wench.
I will never sleep with someone like you, Amelia.
Give me back my necklace and I'll be on my way.
Give it back to you. Don't even dream about it.
Kristen, you're just a lowly servant.
Only fit to wear a dog collar.
How dare you don't call me your alpha?
Is that because I love Amelia?
Nobody resists me.
I'm the alpha of the Black Wind Tribe.
Don't get help me. You disgust me.
I'm your woman.
How could it be?
She's awakening her own wolf.
And finally tell you who your partner is.
He's right here.
The alpha of the Black Wind Tribe.
Justin.
No!